Aludecor is an ISO certified company that introduces the copper composite panels & 3D finish aluminium composite panels (ACPs) in India with double-coat-double-bake coating. Choose from 300+ shades with lead-free coating. Aludecor won the #SAPACEAwards presented by @INDUS_Community for the category of 'The Game Changer'.

Aludecor has remained a premium ACP sheet manufacturer in India, synonymous with trust and reliability. Aludecor Metal Composite Panel is the number one choice of Architects, Facade Technicians, and Space Designers along with other valued patrons of the Industry. With a passion for innovation, Aludecor has maintained its stature in the Indian ACP Manufacturing Industry as a Thought Leader. The Company’s end-to-end Aluminium Composite Panel Manufacturing portfolio is powered by a 500+ strong retail network. A presence in more than 250 cities and world-class Manufacturing Units spread across 37500 square meters in Haridwar empower Aludecor to keep on introducing breakthrough products that have been creating benchmarks in the market for the past 20+ years.

As a “Made in India” brand, Aludecor produces all of its ingenious products in-house. The Product Units support the Company with a production capacity of 6.0 million square meters per annum. An unshakeable commitment towards excellence has also let Aludecor cater to famous National and International clientele such as Hyundai, KFC, Toyota, Samsung, Tanishq, Kia, Honda, Maruti, Citroen, VW, Suzuki, Tata, Castrol, Mobil, Idemitsu, ITC, Vodafone, Aditya Birla Group, Indian Railways, IOCL, CPWD, Amul, Jaguar and many more. Aludecor also pledges to stay out as a Sustainable and Ethical “Green” Company.
